docs(host): add hint for remote consle (#652)
harvester/docs: docs/host/host.md

```

The `harvester-node-manager` pod(s) in the `harvester-system` namespace may also contain some hints as to why it is not rendering a file to a node.
This pod is part of a daemonset, so it may be worth checking the pod that is running on the node of interest.

## Remote Console

> User can set console URL for remote server management, which will be be needed especially in environments where physical access might be limited

Reviewer: double `be`

Author: Updated per suggestion, thanks.

> User can set console URL for remote server management, which will be needed especially in environments where physical access might be limited
> 
> 1. On the Harvester UI, go to **Hosts**.
> 
> 1. Choose the Host and click **Edit Config**
> 
>   ![](/img/remote_console_config.png)
> 
> 1. Specify **Console URL** for remote server management
> 
>   Following is an example with HP iLO:
> 
>   ![](/img/remote_console_url.png)
> 
> 1. Click **Console** to access remote server
> 
>   ![](/img/remote_console_button.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure the URL of the console for remote server management. This console is particularly useful in environments where physical access is limited.

1. On the Harvester UI, go to **Hosts**.

1. Locate the target host, and then select **⋮ > **Edit Config**.

  ![](/img/remote_console_config.png)

1. Specify the **Console URL**, and then click **Save**.

  Example (with HPE iLO):

  ![](/img/remote_console_url.png)

1. Click **Console** to access the remote server.

  ![](/img/remote_console_button.png)
```

Author: Updated per suggestion, thanks.
